hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about Monsters Inc the
city of Monstropolis in the monster
world is powered by energy from the
screens of human children at the
Monsters Inc Factory skilled monsters
employed as scarers venture into the
human world to scare children and
harvest their screams through doors that
activate portals to children's bedroom
closets it is considered dangerous work
as human children are believed to be
toxic energy production is falling
because children are becoming less
easily scared and Henry J warden OU's
the company's chairman is determined to
find a solution to the problem
James P Sully Sullivan and his best
friend Mike Wazowski are the
organization's top employees but their
chief rival Randall Boggs is close
behind one evening after work Sulley
discovers that Randall has left the door
activated on the scare floor and a small
girl has entered the factory after
several failed attempts by Sulley to put
her back Randall sends the door back
into the factory's door vault and Sulley
conceals her and takes her out of the
factory he inadvertently interrupts Mike
state with his girlfriend
Celia at a sushi restaurant and chaos
erupts when the child is discovered
Sulley and Mike managed to escape with
the child before the child detection
agency CDA quarantined the restaurant
they soon discover that she is not toxic
after all Sulley grows attached to her
and calls her food while Mike is just
anxious to be rid of her the duo smuggle
her back into the factory disguised as a
baby monster and attempt to send her
home Randall discovers boo and tries to
kidnap her but mistakenly kidnaps Mike
instead he straps Mike to a large
machine called the scream extractor
which he intends to use to revolutionize
the scaring industry and solve the
monster world's energy problems by
forcefully extracting screams from
kidnapped human children before Randall
can use the machine on Mike and Sulley
intervenes and reports Randall to order
loose
but waternoose who is secretly in league
with Randall exiles Mike and Sulley to
the Himalayas instead the to meet the
abominable snowman who tells them about
a nearby village which Sully realizes he
can use to return to the factory Sulley
prepares to return but Mike refuses to
go with him meanwhile Randall is
preparing to use the scream extractor on
Boone but Sulley suddenly arrives and
saves her destroying the machine in the
process Randall and Sulley battle and
after Mike returns and helps Sulley
overpower Randall the to reconcile take
booth and flee Randall pursues them to
the door vault and a wild chase ensues
among the millions of doors as they move
in and out of the storage vault on Rails
to the factory floor booze laughter
causes all the doors to activate at once
allowing the monsters to freely pass in
and out of the human world
Randall attempts to kill Sully but Bowie
overcomes her fear of Randall and
attacks him enabling Sully to catch him
Sully and Mike then trap Randall in the
human world where two residents at a
trailer park mistake him for an
alligator and beat him with a shovel
Sully and Mike take blue and her
daughter to the training room and trick
warden ooze into revealing his plot with
Randall with help from the CDA and rods
the scare floor secretary who is
revealed to be the CDA's leader Mike
secretly records the entire conversation
for the CDA to review war the news is
arrested Roz thanks Sully and Mike for
their help orders them to return Bloo
home and has boozed or demolished to
prevent any monsters from making further
contact with her with the factory
temporarily shut down Sully is named the
new CEO of Monsters Inc
under his leadership the energy crisis
is solved by harvesting children's
laughter instead of screams as laughter
has been found to be ten times more
potent Mike takes Sully aside revealing
he has rebuilt boozed or it needs one
final piece which Sully took as a
memento in order to work Sully puts the
dog chip into place enters and joyfully
reunites with boo thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]